help center: Create documentation for read receipts. (#22810)
zulip/zulip: templates/zerver/help/read-receipts.md

# Read receipts

Read receipts let you check who has read a message. You can see read receipts
for any message, including both [stream messages](/help/streams-and-topics) and
[private messages](/help/private-messages).

With privacy in mind, Zulip lets you [control][configure-personal-read-recipts]
whether your read receipts are shared, and administrators can
[choose][configure-organization-read-recipts] whether to enable read receipts in
their organization.

!!! tip ""
    Read receipts reflect whether or not someone has marked a message as read,
    whether by viewing it, or [by marking messages as read in
    bulk](/help/marking-messages-as-read).

## View who has read a message

{start_tabs}

{!message-actions-menu.md!}

3. Click **View read receipts**.

!!! tip ""

>     You will also see how many people have read the message.

Reviewer: I think we should add that they can also see the list of names, maybe say something like

```suggestion
    You will also see who has read the message and the total read count.
```

Author: Hm, the heading for this section sort of implies the list of names part, but I'll try adding a clarification.

{end_tabs}

## Configure whether Zulip lets others see when you've read messages

Zulip supports the privacy option of never sharing whether or not you have read

> a message.

Reviewer 2: Maybe spell out explicitly that this will appear as though the user hasn't read any messages, implicitly, through them never appearing in the list of users who've read any message.

Reviewer: Maybe add something like:
"If this setting is turned off, your name will never appear in the list of **Read receipts**."

{start_tabs}

{settings_tab|account-and-privacy}

1. Under **Privacy**, toggle **Let others see when I've read messages**.

{end_tabs}

## Configure read receipts for your organization

{!admin-only.md!}

You can configure:

* Whether read receipts are enabled in your organization.
* Whether new users will allow others to view read receipts by default. (Note
  that users [can always change this setting][configure-personal-read-recipts]
  once they join.)

### Configure whether read receipts are enabled in your organization

{start_tabs}

{settings_tab|organization-settings}

1. Under **Other settings**, toggle **Enable read receipts**.

{!save-changes.md!}

{end_tabs}

### Configure default read receipt sharing settings for new users

{start_tabs}

{settings_tab|default-user-settings}

1. Under **Privacy settings**, toggle **Allow other users to view read receipts**.

{end_tabs}

## Related articles

* [Status and availability](/help/status-and-availability)
* [Typing notifications](/help/typing-notifications)

> 

Reviewer: Maybe we should also add `/help/streams-and-topics` and `/help/private-messages` to **Related articles** since these help center docs were mentioned in the text?

Author: Hm, I think we can leave those off - the links are there in the body as background material, but I don't think it's super likely that someone reading this article specifically needs to refer to those.
